 These are the top 10 restaurants I tried in Washington DC. At number 10, we have Thomas Sweet in Georgetown. They're known for their long list of homemade ice cream flavors and for being a favorite spot among some presidents. Le diplomat was recommended a bunch of times so I had to check it out. The vibes were nice and my favorite bites were definitely the mac and cheese and the French onion soup. However, the steak frites were just not for me. On Genesequa is an authentic French pastry shop and cafe in Dupont Circle. They've got a gorgeous selection of pastries and the best part is that they taste just as good as they look. Ted's Bulletin is a cozy diner with multiple locations across the DMV.  I honestly just came here for the huge cinnamon roll and the gravy bowl of cream cheese icing. Lately I've been loving Thai food, so I had to make a stop at Thai chef. I got their Thai iced coffee, which paired perfectly with their red curry that had just the right amount of spice. 250 barbecues serving up traditional Texas style barbecue. I split this platter with my fan, but my favorite bites were their mac and cheese, juicy brisket, and this massive dinel roof. Yellow is a Leventine café serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and it's earned a Michelin bib gourmand for a reason.  I only got to try the baklava affogato and that alone made me a fan. Call Your Mother Deli seems to be the go-to spot for bagels in DC. I got their Bacon Sun City Bagel which was super warm and soft, and this extremely thin but delicious chocolate chip cookie. I know Filomena gets mixed reviews but honestly, I loved it. This Italian restaurant has pasta mama's hand-rolling fresh pasta, a unique ambiance, and family-style portions. I'm a huge fan of anything with vodka sauce so I had to get their rigatoni and it did not disappoint.  Also, make sure to leave room for dessert. Out of all 10 spots, my favorite restaurant was unconventional diner. I'm not even kidding, every single bite was delicious, from the loaded breakfast biscuits to the cheesy grits and the stack of pancakes that tasted like a blueberry cheesecake. Tag someone that would love this and tell them Evie put you on.