 These are the top 10 restaurants I tried in Washington DC. At number 10 we have Thomas Sweet in Georgetown. They're known for their long  list of homemade ice cream flavors and for being a favorite spot among some presidents. The diplomat was recommended a bunch of times  so I had to check it out the vibes are nice and my favorite bites were definitely the mac and cheese and the french onion soup however the steak for  were just not for me. And Genesequa is an authentic French pastry shop and cafe in Dupont Circle. They've got a gorgeous luxury  of pastries and the best part is that they taste just as good as they look. Ted's Bulletin is a cozy diner with multiple locations  across the DMV I honestly just came here for the huge cinnamon roll and the gravy bowl of cream cheese icing lately I've been  loving Thai food so I had to make a stop at Thai chef. I got their Thai iced coffee which paired perfectly with their red curry that had  Just the right amount of spice 250 barbecues serving up traditional Texas style barbecue. I split this platter with my family  but my favorite bites were their mac and cheese, juicy brisket, and this massive dino roof. Yellow is a Leventine café serving  breakfast, lunch, and dinner and it's earned a Michelin Bib Gourmand for a reason. I only got to try the baklava affogato and that  alone made me a fan. Car Your Mother Deli seems to be the go-to spot for bagels in DC. I got their Bacon Sun City Bagel  which was super warm and soft, and this extremely thin but delicious chocolate chip cookie. I know Philomena gets mixed  But honestly, I love this Italian restaurant has pasta mama's hand-rolling fresh pasta a unique on  and family style portions. I'm a huge fan of anything with vodka sauce so I had to get the rigatoni and it did not disappoint.  Also, make sure to leave room for dessert out of all 10 spots. My favorite restaurant was unconventional diner. I'm not even  kidding every single bite was delicious from the loaded breakfast biscuits to the cheesy grits and the stack of  pancakes that tasted like a blueberry cheesecake. Tag someone that would love this and tell them Evie put you on.